i literally felt like i was becoming  enlightened i felt like a glimmer of  what buddha and what these ascended  masters must feel i started to see all  these beautiful visions of me literally  in candyland that was one of my favorite  board games when i was younger and it  was like a three-dimensional reality  where i was in the game candy land and i  was frolicking through this tall sweet  grass and they were literally like big  heart-shaped lollipops and i kept  getting these visions that were like all  pastel colored and so femme and like i  was in candy land and i was like why is  this happening  i want to  speak to  the lived experiences of black  indigenous people of color which is a  category that i fall under as well  i've heard other people say that they've  had ancient past lifetimes in these  different  groups and sometimes that's been a  little bit triggering for me because  bypoc individuals have experienced  racism and profiling and just  so much heaviness in this world in the  united states because  of their identity and background and so  it can feel a little bit like  it just feels triggering sometimes when  a white person is like oh yeah i was  black in a past lifetime and so  i i empathize it's just kind of like  it's just a hard pill to swallow i  debated putting this online at all and i  actually wasn't going to i wanted to  keep this experience so sacred and close  to my heart and not really up for  judgment or debate by an outside  perspective and i just wanted to be  fully stabilized from within not needing  anything external and part of me thought  that  plant medicines can become a vice of  some sort like that's your only way to  connect with spirit and source and i  didn't want that to be the case for me  so all these years i've spent healing my  depression just trying to use the my  physical body the vehicle of my breath  and it's been so healing but i felt like  there  were aspects of my subconscious and  ancestral wounds and trauma that i  wasn't able to tap into just through my  embodiment practices and through my yoga  practice and so that's what really  started to call me to the medicine was  wanting to look at these things on a  deeper level that i actually don't  have access to with my normal  state of mind i've never actually  seen what my soul looks like but i was  starting to see that in the medicine  journey just the  grandeur of it having this ancient soul  like so many of us on this planet and  then i started to feel immense feelings  of sadness for my younger self so i  started to go into my childhood home  all of my childhood experiences where i  was getting hurt and i started to feel  immensely sad i just was crying and  sobbing so much and it felt like  i was revisiting every moment where my  childhood innocence was lost and i was  just grieving it was like i was having a  funeral for my past self and i was just  sobbing so much my eyes started to come  down from the medicine i feel like after  four hours and so i asked for another  cup and then this second aspect of my  journey was just revealing so much love  i felt the highest capacity of  forgiveness i have ever felt and what  was coming through on the medicine is  that love is the highest vibrational  state that you can experience so i was  just holding myself and feeling how  enchanting it felt to be in this body  and i was like rubbing my nipples a  little bit and just feeling so curious  to explore myself without the intense  trauma of my childhood and sexual trauma  i've experienced and there were  literally flowers and gardens growing in  between  my in my womb and it was like my body  was this beautiful lush garden and it  wasn't painted at all and it was just so  heavenly and and luscious and i put my  hands on the outside of my yoni over my  underwear i was just feeling my body for  what felt like the first time ever  feeling like this body is my own this  body is mine to explore this body is  heavenly and i have never felt this  level of acceptance and reclamation of  my physical  self my yoni just felt so beautiful and  incredible to touch and like this  wondrous thing that i've always had  access to  and i almost felt like whoa i can't  believe i haven't really greeted you in  this way before i love you so much it  can feel like something that is so  selfish even when i talk about it or  hear people talk about self-love  constantly as all that they do i'm just  like so you literally just spend your  whole day  having bubble baths and painting and  that's your service to the world and  there has been this voice of like  skepticism and annoyance within me and i  can claim that truth within myself that  sometimes i'm just like rolling my eyes  when all people are doing is talking  about self-love but at this point it  started to shiver my teeth were  literally chattering and i was wearing  socks a knit cardigan a hat mind you  like it's probably 60 70 degrees and i  was so cold and so mentally i was like  where am i right now in time and two  people down there is a dear brother who  is a native hawaiian and he was cursing  out loud just like talking to his demons  out loud and so everyone in the tent  being so sensitive on the medicine is  hearing him like curse and yell at his  demons and  scream and throw up and receive the  energy and then i started to feel  complete non-attachment complete love in  my body for everything  i felt so at peace with if anyone wants  to hate me or love me i felt so  unattached to any relation in my life  staying or leaving i felt so connected  to source and to god and unified within  my own plane of trust in the universe i  literally felt like i was becoming  enlightened i felt like a glimmer of  what buddha and what these ascended  masters must feel  [Music]  if you're vegan or if you're even a  little bit vegetarian  or if you just spend time on youtube  channels such as my own and at tomi's  you've probably gotten tired of hearing  about how we treat animals so much worse  than we treat human beings  it's really interesting to pay  close attention to those cultural  exceptions to the rule those cases  in which  we treat ourselves  far worse  than animals cases in which our  expectations of human beings strangely  are so much lower  than our expectations  for animals  if you see a cat  that's high on catnip or if you see a  dog  that's been given hallucinogenic drugs  by some coarse crude people at a party  just for their own amusement just to see  what'll happen if this dog gets out just  see what happened if the dog  hallucinates if you see a cat or a dog  bumping its head into a wall  pouncing at imaginary mice that just  aren't there don't you regard it as  pathetic  don't you regard it as something cruel  and inhumane that a human being has done  to an animal when you read about  experiments  in laboratories whether those are done  to dogs or cats or apes or what have you  with these same  hallucinogenic drugs do you imagine  that the animals in those laboratories  are becoming  spiritually enlightened beings and  leaders in their own species do you  think oh isn't it wonderful  that in a laboratory somewhere there is  a dog  or a cat or a monkey  that's being given these mind-altering  drugs  so that we can dissect their corpse  afterwards and evaluate exactly how much  brain damage we do to ourselves with  this same habit now  i've been all around the world people  it's not uncommon  to be on a beach  where there are monkeys  and there are tourists  and where the monkeys develop a taste  for the alcohol  and where monkeys sometimes the  amusement sometimes the shock and horror  of the tourists the monkeys run down  from the trees  to grab a bottle of beer  to grab a bottle of whiskey or vodka  don't you feel sorry for the monkeys  don't you feel a sort of contempt  for humanity  when you see these animals  inflicting brain damage on themselves  and having no real  comprehension  of what it is they're doing  or why  these sad creatures  that find enjoyment  in poisoning themselves in  intoxication  tell me would you find it more or less  pathetic  if those monkeys were being given  lsd hallucinogenic mushrooms would you  find it  more or less pathetic  if any of those monkeys in their altered  state of mind  came to the realization that they had an  immortal soul  or that they were  the chosen emissary of god  hitomi concludes her video by saying  that she's going to begin a new period  of filmmaking  she promises us that from now on she's  gonna make videos talking about  first nation spirituality the religions  indigenous to north america and south  america  that existed here prior to the conquest  by  europeans  it told me i have a really simple  challenge for you  i want you to ask  exactly the same questions  of those religions  that you would ask of christianity  judaism  and islam i know it's going to be hard  for you  i want you to ask  in those religions  did they have slavery  did they have  torture  did they capture their enemies in war  and torture them  to  death in those religions  what was the status  of women  what was the relationship  of leaders to followers of despotism  as opposed to  democracy these same questions  that we use to embarrass christians and  muslims in our time and quite rightly in  drawing their attention to the extent to  which they are continuing to propound an  ancient brutal religion  based on slavery torture and forms of  political authoritarianism that are  simply not acceptable in the world today  hitomi  you've asked those tough questions about  christianity judaism and islam  and because of the answers you found  you rejected those religions  but when it came to buddhism  you just  wouldn't ask when it came to hinduism  you just  wouldn't ask and now  as you're beginning a new chapter  on your spiritual journey  i'm challenging you  do you want this next chapter also to be  about the blind leading the blind  or do you want to know  do you want in brief  to go on living  in candyland  or do you want to join us  in historical reality  as it continues  to unfold  [Applause]  [Music]